Popup/Popover: Add flex container CSS notes (#7459)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Popover/00 Overview.md

---

[note]

> The component can affect page layout when initialized in a flex container with other elements using CSS styles such as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component can affect page layout when initialized in a flex container with other elements using CSS styles:
```

Author: I feel this changes the meaning of the sentence. I wanted to say that certain CSS styles, such as the one provided, can cause issues with the page layout. Maybe this sentence can be rewritten like so:
```suggestion
The component can affect page layout when initialized in a flex container with other elements. For instance, the following parent CSS styles can cause this issue:
```

Reviewer: The component may affect the page layout when used inside a flex container with other elements. For example, the following parent CSS styles can cause this issue:
